Add starting version for Agent-schema documentation (#47657)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/public/agent-schema/keywords.md

| `properties` | `object` | Named sub-schemas for specific keys |
| `additionalProperties` | `object` | Schema for keys not listed in `properties`, or `false` to forbid unknown keys |
| `required` | `object` | List of keys that must be present |
| `minItems` / `maxItems` | `array` | Array length bounds |
| `uniqueItems` | `array` | Requires all elements to be distinct |

For the complete specification of these keywords, see
[Understanding JSON Schema](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema).

---

## Datadog Agent extensions

The following keywords extend JSON Schema to meet the Agent's specific needs.
They are **not** used for config validation — any standard JSON Schema library
can validate a customer config without them. They are used by the Agent itself
and by Datadog internal tooling.

---

### `node_type`

Declares whether a node is a *section* (group of settings) or a *leaf*
(individual setting).

- **Available on:** all nodes.
- **Mandatory:** yes.
- **Accepted values:** `section`, `leaf`.

This keyword marks the boundary between the schema structure and a setting's
value. For example, `docker_labels_as_tags` has `type: object` — its value is a

> dict of strings. That dict is the setting's *value*, so the node is a leaf, not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
object of strings to strings. That object is the setting's *value*, so the node is a leaf, not
```
